[faas] Parallel simulations (#110)
osukhoroslov/dslab: examples/faas-parallel/readme.md

# Parallel FaaS example

> This crate shows how to setup several parallel simulations using ParallelHostConfig. An alternative way is to use YAML config, as it is done in Serverless in the Wild reproduction experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to setup several parallel DSLab FaaS simulations using `ParallelHostConfig`. An alternative way is to use YAML config, as it is done in the [Serverless in the Wild](../serverless-in-the-wild) reproduction experiment.
```

Author: Сделал
